Federated Tables: Quickstart guide and skeleton to continue (#15311)
CartoDB/cartodb: doc/developer-center/federated-tables-api/support/01-support-options.md

## Support Options

Feeling stuck? There are many ways to find help.

* Ask a question on [GIS StackExchange](https://gis.stackexchange.com/questions/tagged/carto) using the `CARTO` tag.
* [Report an issue](https://github.com/CartoDB/cartodb/issues) in Github.
* Engine Plan customers have additional access to enterprise-level support through CARTO's support representatives.

If you just want to describe an issue or share an idea, just <a class="typeform-share" href="https://cartohq.typeform.com/to/mH6RRl" data-mode="popup" target="_blank"> send your feedback</a>

### Issues on Github

> If you think you may have found a bug, or if you have a feature request that you would like to share with the Import API team, please [open an issue](https://github.com/CartoDB/cartodb/issues/new). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you think you may have found a bug, or if you have a feature request that you would like to share with the Federated Tables API team, please [open an issue](https://github.com/CartoDB/cartodb/issues/new). 
```
